Update core developer setup for CHT 4.x (#848)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/guides/hosting/core-developer.md

echo $COUCH_NODE_NAME && echo $COUCH_URL
```

#### CouchDB Setup in CHT 4.x
Create a `docker-compose.yml` file under the `couchdb` folder. 

> Copy the content of the CouchDB `docker-compose` file from the of the CHT release version you are trying to run locally. For example, this is [the file](https://staging.dev.medicmobile.org/_couch/builds_4/medic%3Amedic%3A4.0.0/docker-compose%2Fcht-couchdb-clustered.yml) for the 4.0.0 release.

Reviewer: As discussed on the call, let's link to `master` so the developer gets the latest image when setting up.

```suggestion
Copy the content of the CouchDB `docker-compose` file from the of the CHT release version you are trying to run locally. For example, this is [the file](https://staging.dev.medicmobile.org/_couch/builds_4/medic%3Amedic%3Amaster/docker-compose%2Fcht-couchdb-clustered.yml) for the most recent build.
```

npm ci
```

If you encounter conflicting dependencies, run the following command:

```shell
npm ci --legacy-peer-deps
```

If setting up CHT 3.x, you need to harden CouchDB with a `grunt` call, required even in development:

```shell
grunt secure-couchdb
curl -X PUT "http://medic:password@localhost:5984/_node/$COUCH_NODE_NAME/_config/httpd/WWW-Authenticate" -d '"Basic realm=\"administrator\""' -H "Content-Type: application/json"
```

If setting up CHT 4.x, you need to startup CouchDB:

```shell
cd couchdb 
docker-compose up
```

> 

Author: Good idea, thanks!
